Feature: Allow tagging by putting barcodes on documents (#5580)
paperless-ngx/paperless-ngx: docs/configuration.md

    Defaults to "300"

#### [`PAPERLESS_CONSUMER_ENABLE_TAG_BARCODE=<bool>`](#PAPERLESS_CONSUMER_ENABLE_TAG_BARCODE) {#PAPERLESS_CONSUMER_ENABLE_TAG_BARCODE}

: Enables the detection of barcodes in the scanned document and
assigns or creates tags if a properly formatted barcode is detected.

    The barcode must match one of the (configurable) regular expressions.
    If the barcode text contains ',' (comma), it is split into multiple
    barcodes which are individually processed for tagging.

    Matching is case insensitive.

    Defaults to false.

> #### [`CONSUMER_TAG_BARCODE_MAPPING=<json dict>`](#CONSUMER_TAG_BARCODE_MAPPING) {#CONSUMER_TAG_BARCODE_MAPPING}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### [`PAPERLESS_CONSUMER_TAG_BARCODE_MAPPING=<json dict>`](#PAPERLESS_CONSUMER_TAG_BARCODE_MAPPING) {#PAPERLESS_CONSUMER_TAG_BARCODE_MAPPING}
```

: Defines a dictionary of filter regex and substitute expressions.

>     A barcode is only considered for tagging if at least one regex is matching

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    A barcode is only considered for tagging if at least one regex matches
```

>     the barcode text. Before looking up or creating a tag, the substitute
>     is applied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    the barcode text. If a specified tag is not found it will be created.
```

I find saying "the substitute is applied" a bit confusing, I think it's better to describe this in terms of the user experience, which is to just find the regex and apply or create tags listed. Right?

Author: Agree, the whole paragraph was hard to understand. I rephrased it completely and added more examples.
